## Assignment 3: WebGPU Intro

While reading the chapter on randomness and generative design in The Book of Shaders, I was enticed by an animation of many rows of moving cells of varying sizes and speeds. The design is linked here: https://thebookofshaders.com/edit.php#10/ikeda-03.frag. I wanted to implement a similar idea, but using the mouse position as the origin of the cells and animating them away from the mouse. After completing my initial vision, I played around with multiple mathematical functions to affect the flow and speed of the cells. To make it clear where the mouse was, I added a white space with a soft, fading edge at the mouse position. This evolved to show the live video instead of whitespace, leading to a smooth fade from clear live video at the mouse position to the colorful and busy animation in the rest of the screen.

I added the interactive components of my project throughout the process whenever I came upon an element of the design that I felt user control would improve: cell speed, colors, flow pattern, and size of the mouse clearing. The final interactive elements are: live video feed, mouse position, sliders, a selector, and a button.

Feedback:
Nathaniel Powers said that he thought the idea and design was cool and "like an illusion" due to the moving cells away from the mouse. Nathaniel was curious how I achieved the cell moving effect, so I told him about how I was inspired by The Book of Shaders and how the pattern() function worked to achieve the effect.
